okay so we get dealt a jackal suit and a
small blind it gets folded around to us
it's a pretty good hand for x vs blind
yeah since you're out of position it's
better to end the hand as soon as
possible since you're a positional
disadvantage for the rest of the hand
for that reason you should raise also is
a value bet since a lot of weekends that
your opponent might hold also call gives
you the initiative going into the hand
as well like it's a lot easier to take
it down with the bet on the floor if you
raise it yeah so you raise it to 60
equals doesn't necessarily show too much
strength since you're raising from the
small blind very well may be able to
take this down on the flop and the flop
is 298 rainbow this likely missed him
your hands probably best but it's very
vulnerable I cast and a lot of pressure
so it's probably best that you're the
one to bet to make a continuation we're
probably about half the posse's well
right yep and he calls at this point
it's worthwhile thinking what kind of
parents he might hold maybe just over
cards and floating the flop maybe a pair
so since you may while we floating which
maybe you look to put some pressure on
with a good turn card so see what comes
out there are lot of scare cards we can
use to our advantage okay the turn card
of the 10 which is one of the scare
cards this gives you a lot of out yeah
you might have my 14 outs if you got the
open-ended straight draw and potential
over cards if they're if they're all out
so you're only a two to one dog so I'm
betting here serves several purposes
first off it will force a fold if he was
flowing if he's got something like over
cards whereas if you check those hands
might be able to successfully block off
yeah yes it would be a tough call for
anyone with an eight and he may well
fold a week nine here yeah yeah it's
possible it's a really good spot to
represent strength because we bet on
three streets as you were representing a
really big hand much of our ponies range
is going to fold and we're giving
ourselves good odds on a bet say we bet
roughly half the port we'd only need to
pick up the pot I've one of three times
you know make some immediate profit and
that's not counting the fact that you
win sometimes when you're called since
you've got so many outs yeah the
opponent must be worried now with all
the bets that we've put in that he may
face a big bet on the river which you
probably can't cool so I say let's put a
start bit and see what he does okay we
put in large and off the pot bet this
will put the most pressure on the kind
of hands which he may well have like a
pair of eights and he folds see that
that was a good use of a selective
aggression won us a nice pot utilized
the scare card and kept the pressure on
on the turn to run a nice sell off from
win a decent pot